c:\users\expert\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fitness Star\Fitness Star\bin\Debug\Fitness Star.exe.config
c:\users\expert\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fitness Star\Fitness Star\bin\Debug\Fitness Star.exe
c:\users\expert\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fitness Star\Fitness Star\bin\Debug\Fitness Star.pdb
c:\users\expert\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fitness Star\Fitness Star\obj\Debug\Fitness Star.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\expert\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fitness Star\Fitness Star\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\expert\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fitness Star\Fitness Star\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\expert\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fitness Star\Fitness Star\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\expert\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fitness Star\Fitness Star\obj\Debug\Fitness Star_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\expert\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fitness Star\Fitness Star\obj\Debug\Fitness Star.g.resources
c:\users\expert\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fitness Star\Fitness Star\obj\Debug\Fitness_Star.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\expert\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fitness Star\Fitness Star\obj\Debug\Fitness Star.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\expert\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fitness Star\Fitness Star\obj\Debug\Fitness Star.exe
c:\users\expert\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fitness Star\Fitness Star\obj\Debug\Fitness Star.pdb
C:\Users\EXPERT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Fitness Star\Fitness Star\obj\Debug\pages\PageStart.baml
C:\Users\EXPERT\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Fitness Star\Fitness Star\obj\Debug\pages\PageStart.g.cs
C:\Users\EXPERT\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fitness Star\Fitness Star\obj\Debug\pages\PageLobby.baml
C:\Users\EXPERT\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fitness Star\Fitness Star\obj\Debug\pages\PageLobby.g.cs
C:\Users\EXPERT\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fitness Star\Fitness Star\obj\Debug\pages\PageTreadmill.baml
C:\Users\EXPERT\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fitness Star\Fitness Star\obj\Debug\pages\PageTreadmill.g.cs
C:\Users\EXPERT\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fitness Star\Fitness Star\obj\Debug\pages\PageCafeteria.baml
C:\Users\EXPERT\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fitness Star\Fitness Star\obj\Debug\pages\PagePool.baml
C:\Users\EXPERT\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fitness Star\Fitness Star\obj\Debug\pages\PageCafeteria.g.cs
C:\Users\EXPERT\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Fitness Star\Fitness Star\obj\Debug\pages\PagePool.g.cs
